capital = 1649
primary_culture = japanese
culture = ainu
religion = mahayana
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.40
civilized = yes

#GreaterPowers = prestige
prestige = 30

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = censored_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
military_staff_system = 1
army_command_principle = 0
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
clipper_design = 1
steamers = 0
naval_design_bureaus = 0
alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
the_command_principle = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
early_classical_theory_and_critique = 1
freedom_of_trade = 0
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 0
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
malthusian_thought = 0
enlightenment_thought = 1
introspectionism = 0
water_wheel_power = 1
publishing_industry = 0
mechanized_mining = 1
experimental_railroad = 0
basic_chemistry = 1
practical_steam_engine = 0
mechanical_production = 0
clean_coal = 0
battleship_column_doctrine = 0
naval_professionalism = 0
stock_exchange = 0
ad_hoc_money_bill_printing = 0
late_classical_theory = 0
market_structure = 0

# Inventions
#corvettes = yes
commerce_raiders = yes
precision_work = yes

ruling_party = NIP_reactionary
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 17
	conservative = 35
	reactionary = 48
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 0
nonstate_consciousness = 0

oob = "JAP_oob.txt"
1861.1.1 = {
	oob = "/1861/JAP_oob.txt"
}
1861.1.1 = {
# Technologies
	post_napoleonic_thought = 1
	flintlock_rifles = 1
	bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
	post_nelsonian_thought = 1

	clipper_design = 1
	
	admin_reform = yes_admin_reform
	finance_reform = finance_reform_two
	education_reform = yes_education_reform
	
	foreign_training = yes_foreign_training
	foreign_weapons = yes_foreign_weapons
	foreign_naval_officers = yes_foreign_naval_officers
	foreign_navies = yes_foreign_navies

}

